[DOC] Mapping "Tempo in Grafana" page structure to tabs found in Explore view (#2983)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/metrics-generator/span_metrics.md

but it has distributed tracing implemented.
You get out-of-the-box metrics from your tracing pipeline.

> >**Note:** Metrics generation is disabled by default. Contact Grafana Support to enable metrics generation in your organization.

Reviewer: I'm also updating the Note format here as well. 
```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Metrics generation is disabled by default. Contact Grafana Support to enable metrics generation in your organization.
{{% /admonition %}}
```

Since traces and metrics co-exist in the metrics-generator,
exemplars can be automatically added, providing additional value to these metrics.

> [Exemplars](/docs/grafana-cloud/data-configuration/traces/exemplars/) are GA in Grafana Cloud so you can also push your own.

Reviewer: Updating this link since the location has changed. 
```suggestion
[Exemplars](/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/traces/exemplars/) are available in Grafana Cloud so you can also push your own.
```
